README.md, before:

# Classic Arcade Game: Frogger

This project is a part of Udacity's Front-End Web Developer Nano Degree. It's a classic arcade game known as Frogger.

## About
The purpose of the game is to guide the player character to the water without getting bit by the enemy bugs. The speed of the enemy bugs increases with each level.

## Usage
Load the index.html file into your browser and follow the playing instructions to start playing the game.

## Features
The game currently offers the following features:
* Press "Enter" to start playing.
* Press "Esc" to pause the game.
* Speeds of the enemy bugs increases with each level.
* Ability to change the player character.

## Issues
* The number of enemy bugs is fixed.
* The speeds of enemy bugs increases by the same amount after every level.
* The game leaves pockets of game track where it gets extremely easy to cross.

## Development Plan
* Randomize the appearance of bugs.
* Add "gems" to the game track and give points to the player for hitting gems.
* Add more enemy types with special powers.
* Add a way to kill enemies to score points
* Add "gateways" that lead directly to the water body.
* Linearly increase the difficulty of the game.
* Add more interactivity/options to the game menu.
* Store history of points scored with name of the player.
* Add option to check points history


## Contribute to this project
You can contribute to this project by keeping the following things in mind:
* resources.js loads the necessary resources for the game.
* engine.js contains the main game engine.
* app.js contains the object oriented code to handle the game objects.
* custom.js contains custom code to display a modal to give the option of changing
  the player character.
* For any changes to the game engine or to add new game states, edit the engine.js file.
* To add new capabilities to the objects add an object method to the appropriate object in the app.js file.

Commit message:

Update README.md with link to live version

README.md, after:

# Classic Arcade Game: Frogger

This project is a part of Udacity's Front-End Web Developer Nano Degree. It's a classic arcade game known as Frogger. Click [here](https://shad-k.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game/) for a live version of the game.

## About
The purpose of the game is to guide the player character to the water without getting bit by the enemy bugs. The speed of the enemy bugs increases with each level.

## Usage
Load the index.html file into your browser and follow the playing instructions to start playing the game.

## Features
The game currently offers the following features:
* Press "Enter" to start playing.
* Press "Esc" to pause the game.
* Speeds of the enemy bugs increases with each level.
* Ability to change the player character.

## Issues
* The number of enemy bugs is fixed.
* The speeds of enemy bugs increases by the same amount after every level.
* The game leaves pockets of game track where it gets extremely easy to cross.

## Development Plan
* Randomize the appearance of bugs.
* Add "gems" to the game track and give points to the player for hitting gems.
* Add more enemy types with special powers.
* Add a way to kill enemies to score points
* Add "gateways" that lead directly to the water body.
* Linearly increase the difficulty of the game.
* Add more interactivity/options to the game menu.
* Store history of points scored with name of the player.
* Add option to check points history


## Contribute to this project
You can contribute to this project by keeping the following things in mind:
* resources.js loads the necessary resources for the game.
* engine.js contains the main game engine.
* app.js contains the object oriented code to handle the game objects.
* custom.js contains custom code to display a modal to give the option of changing
  the player character.
* For any changes to the game engine or to add new game states, edit the engine.js file.
* To add new capabilities to the objects add an object method to the appropriate object in the app.js file.
